docs: proof-read fast-builds nearcore book page (#7956)
near/nearcore: docs/practices/fast_builds.md

# Fast Builds

nearcore is implemented in Rust and is a fairly sizable project, so it takes a
while to build. This chapter collects various tips to make the development
process faster.

Optimizing build times is a bit of a black art, so please do benchmarks on your
machine to verify that the improvements work for you. Changing some configuration

> and making some type, which prevents it from improving build times is an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and making a typo, which prevents it from improving build times is an
```

> extremely common failure mode!

Author: I’m not quite sure what the last sentence is trying to say here. What does "and making some type” mean and the way it affects build times doesn't really connect.

Reviewer: X_X that was supposed to be "some typo"
